Vjera turk/refactoring to mint on c chain (#21)
chain4travel/camino-messenger-bot: README.MD

```bash
./build/bot --config camino-messenger-bot-distributor.yaml
```

> [!TIP]
> For testing and development, you can also start two bots, one supplier and one distributor.

Feel free to explore and customize the application based on your specific requirements. If you encounter any issues or have questions, please refer to the documentation or open an issue in the repository.

## Running both Supplier and Distributor at the same time

For development proposes, you may want to run both Supplier and Distributor bot at the same time.

### Build

```bash
./scripts/build_both.sh
```

to build bots to different folders.

### Create Configuration

Use `camino-messenger-bot-distributor.yaml.example` and `camino-messenger-bot-supplier.yaml.example` files to create configuration YAML files (e.g. `camino-messenger-bot-distributor.yaml` and `camino-messenger-bot-supplier.yaml`).

### Start the Application

To run the bots, in 2 separate terminals run:

```bash
./build/distributor/bot --config camino-messenger-bot-distributor.yaml
```

```bash
./build/supplier/bot --config camino-messenger-bot-supplier.yaml
```

Or configure the launching file of your preferred IDE to do the same.

> 

Reviewer: I believe we do not need this whole section (running both bots at the same time), wdyt @VjeraTurk?

Reviewer 2: I think its fine to have. Sure, it may be obvious, but when some completely new to the topic and a bit inexperienced developer will want to try things out, obviousness might be a good thing.

Author: I've removed it already

## Running both Supplier and Distributor at the same time
For development proposes, you may want to run both Supplier and Distributor bot at the same time.  
### Build 
```bash
./scripts/build_both.sh
```
to build bots to different folders. 

### Create Configuration

Use `camino-messenger-bot-distributor.yaml.example` and `camino-messenger-bot-supplier.yaml.example` files to create configuration YAML files (e.g. `camino-messenger-bot-distributor.yaml` and `camino-messenger-bot-supplier.yaml`). 

### Start the Application

To run the bots, in 2 separate terminals run:  
```bash 
./build/distributor/bot --config camino-messenger-bot-distributor.yaml
```  

```bash 
./build/supplier/bot --config camino-messenger-bot-supplier.yaml
```

Or configure the launching file of your preferred IDE to do the same.

⚠️ WARNING:  
 YAML **configuration files** contain private keys and thus **should never be committed**. We suggest adding any configuration file names to [.git/info/exclude](`camino-messenger-bot-distributor.yaml.example`) to have git ignore them without modifying the .gitignore.

> 

Reviewer: Why do we need this warning? We already put the config files in the `.gitignore` file. 

Also, the `*.yaml.example` files are not config files and they do not contain private keys, the `*.yaml` files do.

Author: I will remove the warning but keep the text because: https://github.com/chain4travel/camino-messenger-bot/pull/21#discussion_r1651012759 and https://github.com/chain4travel/camino-messenger-bot/pull/21#discussion_r1651015758 

The link was meant to be GitHub docs about the info/exclude. 
@evlekht if you think we don't need the text, feel free to remove it.

Author: removed everything

Reviewer 2: Yeah, I think warning is a bit excessive. Its more or less common sense to not commit your private data to repos :P

Author: It is, it was more of an intro to why the following is advised. I changed it to TIP but removed everything later.

Traces cross the boundaries of the application by using traceIDs and context propagation.
The tracing configuration can be set in the configuration file.
By default, tracing is disabled. For the moment the application uses a Jaeger exporter to send the traces to a Jaeger instance. 
A future improvement could include an otel collector as the middle stop for traces and feed to them different tracing systems.

## Running both Supplier and Distributor at the same time

### Build 
```bash
./scripts/build_both.sh
```
to build bots to different folders. 

### Create Configuration
For development puroposes, you may want to run both Supplier and Distributor bot at the same time.  
Use `camino-messenger-bot-distributor.yaml.example` and `camino-messenger-bot-supplier.yaml.example` files to create configuration YAML files and run

### Start the Application

To run the bots, in separate terminals run
`./build/distributor/bot --config camino-messenger-bot-distributor.yaml`  
`./build/supplier/bot --config camino-messenger-bot-supplier.yaml`

> Or configure the launching file od your prefered IDE to do the same.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Or configure the launching file of your preferred IDE to do the same.
```
